# **Final Project**
## *Jo Curtis*
My completed final project is a sound visualizer in conjoinment with some "3d" perlin noise. The song I used is called *Go Fuck Yourself* by Two Feet. In the beginning there were a bunch of separate pieces that all came together to be smashed into one final JS file that is my final product. There was first a blue and white perlin noise, then there was an red and white perlin noise, finally I had two separate radial sound visualizers- one blue, and one orange. Then I went through the process of pairing the blue perlin noise with the blue visualizer and the red perlin with the orange visualizer. Then I had to combine both of those files together and create a timer so they switched between the two color sequences on time with musical changed. Ultimately, the artistic meaning behind this piece is to have a visual demonstration of what living with manic depression or Bipolar disorder is like. The song embodies quite a lot of the experience on its own but the blue portions of my project symbolize the depressive states and the warmer tones symbolize the manic states. Overall, this project was more of a struggle than any of the one pervious, but it has been the most rewarding and I would say I have learned the most about the coding process from this specific piece. Ive also had more time to think about artistic applications with this code whereas I hadn't with any of the pervious pieces. This project wasn't easy by any means, but accomplishing what I had imagined in my mind is super satisfying so all the hard work does not even seem hard now in retrospect. There are many things I would change about this project if I had more time, but for now I am satisfied. I didn't fail entirely and there is an end product. I couldn't ask for much more.  
Video: [Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fxr1ClfnIk)  

Sketch:[ManicDepressive](http://127.0.0.1:8080/FinalProject/SongShit/) or  https://sjocurtis.github.io/191work/FinalProject/SongShit 

Paper: Not Yet Done
